README.md, before:

# NanoDiCs
Nano Dependency Injection for C# (.Net 4.7.2), my personal Dependency Injection library I developed while learning about DI and use in most of my personal projects. This code has been around in one form or another for the last 6 years.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/qv58fqv2x2vmbvt6?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/ZXeno/nanodics)

### Objective
The objective of this project was two-fold: to learn how DI worked and to use it on a regular basis. This library is used in nearly every project I initiate, whether it is here on github or not. This repo is an abstraction of that code into a buildable library and to keep that code available for others if they decide they want to use or contribute to it.

### This project is no deprecated and no longer actively developed!
With the rise in prominence of .Net Core 2.2+, .Net 4.8.x being the final version of the older .Net framework, and .Net 5 coming in 2020, I have moved on to develping in the .Net Core ecosystem. This DI library was also superceded by the Microsoft Dependency Injection framework built into the .Net Core 3.x library.

Commit message:

Update for .Net Standard 2.1 and readme update.

README.md, after:

# NanoDiCs
Nano Dependency Injection for C# (.Net 4.7.2), my personal Dependency Injection library I developed while learning about DI and use in most of my personal projects. This code has been around in one form or another for the last 6 years.

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/qv58fqv2x2vmbvt6?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/ZXeno/nanodics)

### Objective
The objective of this project was two-fold: to learn how DI worked and to use it on a regular basis. This library is used in nearly every personal project I initiate, whether it is here on github or not. This repo is an abstraction of that code into a buildable library and to keep that code available for others if they decide they want to use or contribute to it.

### Reinstated!
This project was previously deprecated, but has found new lease in a couple of recent recent projects and tools. I've updated the project files to compile against .Net Standard 2.1 and still retain the .Net Framework 4.7.2+ compatibility. As of the update of this readme, .Net Standard 2.1 compatibility is available.
